# INST126-Fall2020-Project-1
Project 1 - Calculator Project Flowchart
# Explaining the Code
### The overall goal of this project was to take the flowchart of a basic calculator and convert it into a working Python program. I believe that I have successfully completed this goal and will briefly explain the code.
### The first step to converting this flowchart into a Python program required to ask the user to choose a mathematical operation (Addition, subtraction, Multiplication, Division). In order to do so, I used the input function that stated oper == input("Choose a mathematical operation (Addition, Subtraction, Multiplication, Division):")
### For the next step, I used conditional statements (if, elif) for each of the operations that would work based on the user's operation of choice. I used the python commands (if oper == "Addition":, elif oper == "Subtraction":, elif oper == "Multiplication":, elif oper == "Division":) in order to seperate each operation depending on which one the user chose.
### After doing this, I then asked the user for two numbers to either add, subtract, multiply, or divide based on the user's choice of operation (num_1 = int(input("Choose a number: ")), num_2 = int(input("Choose another number: ")). I repeated this command for all of the operations except for division. For division, instead of using "num_1" and "num_2", I used "dividend" and "divisor".
### Finally, after completing the prior steps, I then used the "print" command to enter the equations so that there would be the correct outcome value based off of the user's mathematical operation choice (print(num_1 + num_2), print(num_1 - num_2), print(num_1 * num_2), print(dividend / divisor).
### I also included an "else" statement which stated that any other mathematical operation other than the ones provided would not be supported.
